README.md, before:

# Getting started
A working Sparql endpoint is needed to use the rdf entity module.
You could either use a remote Sparql endpoint, or you could set one up locally.

Virtuoso is one of the more robust triple store solutions available, but any
solution would do.

@todo Create an example module that uses
  [http://dbpedia.org/sparql](http://dbpedia.org/sparql)

## Setting up Virtuoso
### On a Debian based system

`apt-cache search "^virtuoso"` will show you available packages.

  ```
  $ apt-get install virtuoso-opensource
  $ service virtuoso-opensource-6.1 start
  ```
 
 (Set the password during installation)

### On Mac OS X system
- Install Homebrew (see http://brew.sh)
- `$ brew install virtuoso`
- Start Virtuoso
  ```
  # The version might be differnet than 7.2.4.2.
  $ cd /usr/local/Cellar/virtuoso/7.2.4.2/var/lib/virtuoso/db
  $ virtuoso-t -f &
  ```
- Administer at
  [http://localhost:8890/conductor/](http://localhost:8890/conductor/). Login
  with dba/dba.

### On an Arch Linux based system
- Install the
  [Virtuoso AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/virtuoso/).
- `# systemctl start virtuoso`

 Go to [http://localhost:8890/conductor/](http://localhost:8890/conductor/)
 and login in with: dba - yourpass

Grant 'update' rights to the SPARQL user:
System admin -> Users -> SPARQL (edit)
Account roles -> Put SPARQL_UPDATE in 'Selected'

## Connecting Drupal to the Sparql endpoint
The following example demonstrates the use with a local Virtuoso installation.
To connect Drupal to the endpoint, the db connection should be added to the
settings.php file.

    $databases['sparql_default']['sparql'] = [
      'prefix' => '',
      'host' => '127.0.0.1',
      'port' => '8890',
      'namespace' => 'Drupal\\rdf_entity\\Database\\Driver\\sparql',
      'driver' => 'sparql',
    ];

## Content translation
Rdf entities support basic content translations. This is still WIP.

**Note:** If content translations are enabled, the 'langcode' property
**must** be mapped, otherwise entity reference fields will not store
information.

Commit message:

Document that the SPARQL endpoint path can be configured.

README.md, after:

# Getting started
A working Sparql endpoint is needed to use the rdf entity module.
You could either use a remote Sparql endpoint, or you could set one up locally.

Virtuoso is one of the more robust triple store solutions available, but any
solution would do.

@todo Create an example module that uses
  [http://dbpedia.org/sparql](http://dbpedia.org/sparql)

## Setting up Virtuoso
### On a Debian based system

`apt-cache search "^virtuoso"` will show you available packages.

  ```
  $ apt-get install virtuoso-opensource
  $ service virtuoso-opensource-6.1 start
  ```
 
 (Set the password during installation)

### On Mac OS X system
- Install Homebrew (see http://brew.sh)
- `$ brew install virtuoso`
- Start Virtuoso
  ```
  # The version might be differnet than 7.2.4.2.
  $ cd /usr/local/Cellar/virtuoso/7.2.4.2/var/lib/virtuoso/db
  $ virtuoso-t -f &
  ```
- Administer at
  [http://localhost:8890/conductor/](http://localhost:8890/conductor/). Login
  with dba/dba.

### On an Arch Linux based system
- Install the
  [Virtuoso AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/virtuoso/).
- `# systemctl start virtuoso`

 Go to [http://localhost:8890/conductor/](http://localhost:8890/conductor/)
 and login in with: dba - yourpass

Grant 'update' rights to the SPARQL user:
System admin -> Users -> SPARQL (edit)
Account roles -> Put SPARQL_UPDATE in 'Selected'

## Connecting Drupal to the SPARQL endpoint
The following example demonstrates the use with a local Virtuoso installation.
To connect Drupal to the endpoint, the db connection should be added to the
settings.php file.

    $databases['sparql_default']['sparql'] = [
      'prefix' => '',
      'host' => '127.0.0.1',
      'port' => '8890',
      // Optional. This is actually the endpoint path. If omitted, 'sparql' will
      // be used.
      'database' => 'data/endpoint',
      'namespace' => 'Drupal\\rdf_entity\\Database\\Driver\\sparql',
      'driver' => 'sparql',
    ];

## Content translation
Rdf entities support basic content translations. This is still WIP.

**Note:** If content translations are enabled, the 'langcode' property
**must** be mapped, otherwise entity reference fields will not store
information.
